# Protecto
One day, I was in my living room, and I heard the news of a school shooting. I saw the scene - a group of elementary schoolers were all hiding under desks, or under their dead classmates’ bodies. A brave student, by the name of Amerie Jo Garza, tried to call 911, but was then shot. This is the story of Robb Elementary School in Olvade, Texas, on May 24, 2022. I was shaken. I could not believe that this was the state of the United States. We were in a crisis, and in a society where there was no escape to these situations. But it didn’t stop. As I keep hearing the news, I see how each week there is news of how students, teachers, and parents  are living their lives in fear because this tragedy is constantly happening over and over and over again, and we are unable to find a way to stop it. School, which should be the light of education, the place where students should feel safe and prosper, are now becoming zones of school shootings, where young lives are unfairly being taken. Since 1999, over 338,000 children’s lives have been lost to gun violence. Each shooting that happens never fails to stagger me, and every single community in the United States can feel the fear and panic inside of them when they hear about these shootings. The trauma that students face when they witness the school shootings has left emotional scars on the survivors that may never go away in their lifetime. It is not a problem - it is an epidemic that is spreading to every single school in the United States. The longer we wait to stop it, the more lives we are putting at risk. I decided that we couldn’t wait any longer. And that is why I created Protecto. 
Protecto is an revolutionary Android App that is the solution to this crisis. It works to strengthen the communication between schools and the police, make our students more aware of school shootings, and allows our school staff to be more aware of their schools’ situation. The app is a safe haven for students, that is designed to handle the situation step by step. Please support this cause, and we can allow for schools to use this app to help them be safe in these situations.
